clarify scrubbing behavior and replace process agent (#33715)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/containers/configuration.md

- `credentials`
- `stripetoken`

> You can supply additional sensitive keywords by providing a space-delimited list in the environment variable: `DD_ORCHESTRATOR_EXPLORER_CUSTOM_SENSITIVE_WORDS`. This adds to, and does not overwrite, the default words. You need to set up this environment variable for the following agents:

Reviewer: Is this correct?

```suggestion
You can supply additional sensitive keywords by providing a space-delimited list in the environment variable: `DD_ORCHESTRATOR_EXPLORER_CUSTOM_SENSITIVE_WORDS`. This adds to the default words and does not overwrite them. To use this environment variable, you must set it up for the following Agents:
```

> You can supply additional sensitive keywords by providing a space-delimited list in the environment variable: `DD_ORCHESTRATOR_EXPLORER_CUSTOM_SENSITIVE_WORDS`. This adds to the default words and does not overwrite them. To use this environment variable, you must set it up for the following Agents:

Author: ```suggestion
You can supply additional sensitive keywords by providing a space-delimited list in the environment variable: `DD_ORCHESTRATOR_EXPLORER_CUSTOM_SENSITIVE_WORDS`. This adds to the default words and does not overwrite them. To use this environment variable, you must configure it for following Agents:
```
